0x API FAQ docs (#293)
0xProject/website: mdx/guides/0x-api-faq.mdx

> ## Why is there varying `to` addresses provided in the quotes by 0x API?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why does the value of the `to` field in the /swap/quote response vary?
```

> 0x API provides quotes that execute with a few 0x protocol smart contract interfaces. Each interface provides specific user experiences that suite different swap use cases. 0x API selects the best 0x protocol interface to interact with based on the provided parameters and the smart order routing logic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0x API selects the best 0x protocol interface to interact with based on the provided parameters and the smart order routing logic. 
```

> Currently, there are two main interfaces that 0x API will provide quotes for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main interfaces that 0x API will provide quotes for:
```

> **Exchange contract** - the main canonical interface for the 0x protocol, all swap quotes are settled by the exchange contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Exchange contract** - the main entry-point of the 0x protocol, all swap quotes are settled by the exchange contract.
```

> **Exchange contract** - the main canonical interface for the 0x protocol, all swap quotes are settled by the exchange contract.

Reviewer: I would link to the specs for both.

**Forwarder extension contract** - a payable interface allowing swaps between native ETH (as a `sellToken`) and another ERC20 asset.

Find the currently deployed contracts [here](https://0x.org/docs/guides/0x-cheat-sheet).

> Astute developer will note that the exchange contract functions are `payable`. The `payable` interface is utilized to pay 0x v3’s protocol fee and NOT engineered to allow users to swap tokens with native ETH. Forwarder, however, is designed to meet the native ETH swapping user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## When does forwarder or exchange get used by 0x API/how can I ensure one is used?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How does the 0x API decide between the Forwarder and the Exchange?
```

The current 0x API logic for selecting between forwarder or exchange is deterministic and enable developers to easily ensure which interface is used for a quote:

* If `sellToken` is not set to `ETH` (say `WETH`), 0x API will always provide a quote that interfaces with the main exchange contract.
* If `sellToken` is set to `ETH`, 0x API will always provide a quote that interfaces with forwarder contract.

**TLDR** `sellToken=ETH` uses Forwarder, `sellToken=WETH` uses Exchange.

> ## Are all these to smart contracts audited/safe?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Are the smart contracts audited?
```

> The 0x core team holds itself to a high security standard with all the smart contracts written; 0x protocol’s contracts are open source and extensively tested by 0x core team’s internal protocol team and by external auditors.

Reviewer: I would start with a "Yes, they are audited..." just so we answer the question clearly right away and then go into the details. Sounds like we're avoiding the question if we start with "Well, we value security a lot...".

> The [**Exchange**](https://0x.org/docs/guides/0x-cheat-sheet) contract, because they are the main canonical interface of the 0x protocol, is versioned, and governed by ZRX token holders. Because of its critical place in 0x infrastructure, the 0x core team employs a number of external audits to ensure the safe and intended usage of the 0x contract.

Reviewer: I would like to the spec.

> The [**Exchange**](https://0x.org/docs/guides/0x-cheat-sheet) contract, because they are the main canonical interface of the 0x protocol, is versioned, and governed by ZRX token holders. Because of its critical place in 0x infrastructure, the 0x core team employs a number of external audits to ensure the safe and intended usage of the 0x contract.

Reviewer: Again, I would start with: is audited by XYZ firm, and then go into all the additional things we do.

> The [**Forwarder**](https://0x.org/docs/guides/0x-cheat-sheet) contract is (as we call it in the 0x ecosystem) an extension contract. Namely, it is an optional “middleware” contract that users can opt in/out of using when swapping. Because of its optionality and minimized attack surface (no approval of user funds needed to utilize Forwarder), the *Forwarder* contract is internally audited and constantly improved upon by the 0x core team.

Reviewer: I would link to the spec.

> The [**Forwarder**](https://0x.org/docs/guides/0x-cheat-sheet) contract is (as we call it in the 0x ecosystem) an extension contract. Namely, it is an optional “middleware” contract that users can opt in/out of using when swapping. Because of its optionality and minimized attack surface (no approval of user funds needed to utilize Forwarder), the *Forwarder* contract is internally audited and constantly improved upon by the 0x core team.

Reviewer: Again, I would basically flip the ordering of the sentences here.

## What is the difference between `price` and `guaranteedPrice`?

> Digging into why `price` and `guaranteedPrice` differ and how developers should understand these values require some context:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Digging into why `price` and `guaranteedPrice` differ and how developers should understand these values require some context:
> 
> Say you found a swap for ETH to DAI at 220 DAI while the market price for ETH is 200 DAI. Obviously this is a great price and will not last forever, a “race” of sorts occurs as users compete to settle the swap of ETH for 220 DAI by selecting a competitive gasPrice that would result in their transaction being mined over others. 
> 
> When such a race happens, only one user gets to receive the swap of ETH for 220 DAI, the other users will see their transactions revert. 
> 
> To ensure that users will always have their swap executed within a reasonable price, 0x API quoting logic provides a set of fallback orders, created with on-chain sources (kyber, uniswap, PLP, curve) that will be filled at a slightly worse rate if the more aggressively priced orders expires or are filled by somebody else.
> 
> The `price` field provides developers a sense of what the BEST price you can receive, denominated in `sellToken` for one `buyToken`. The `gauranteedPrice` is the price that developers can expect in a WORST case scenario where all the fall back orders are utilized over the better priced orders.
> 
> **TLDR** expect the actual settled price of a 0x quote to be somewhere between `price` and `gauranteedPrice`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `price` field provides developers a sense of what the BEST price they could receive, denominated in `sellToken` for one `buyToken`. The `gauranteedPrice` is the price that developers can expect in a WORST case scenario where all the fall back orders are utilized over the better priced orders.
```

I would start with this ^ and then go into why.

> ## What the `slippagePercentage`???

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is `slippagePercentage`?
```

> Developers can influence how much “worse” the `guaranteedPrice` is through the `slippagePercentage` parameter that is default set to `0.03`. With on-chain sources, prices can variate during settlement and the price in the quote (due to the nature of how on-chain sources work). The `slippagePercentage` provides a "upper bound" to how much the price provided by these on-chain sources can slip and remain desirable by the developer. In the chance that the price slippages resulting in a lower price, any `sellToken` not utilized will be refunded to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers can influence how much “worse” the `guaranteedPrice` is through the `slippagePercentage` parameter. With on-chain sources, prices can vary between the quote being made and settlement. The `slippagePercentage` provides a "upper bound" to how much the price provided by these on-chain sources can slip and remain desirable by the developer.
```

**TLDR** `slippagePercentage` controls how much worse the price can be for the fallback orders provided in a 0x API quote which influences the `guaranteedPrice`.

## What are the differences when quoting by `sellAmount` and `buyAmount`?

> As alluded earlier, the amount of `buyToken` received is not strictly deterministic with a quote, a number of factors influence the actual settled amount of `buyTokens` received. 
> 
> Consider if you receive a better price and not all `sellToken` is utilized:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* If `sellToken` is utilized, then any unused `sellToken` will be refunded to the user.

> * When `buyAmount` is used, the only guarantee is that **at least** the amount specified is bought. 0xAPI will not terminate early in the case where one order fills at a better price, so the user can in effect over buy the specified amount. This is somewhat amplified by usage of `slippagePercentage` which underestimates the on-chain price by a percentage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When `buyAmount` is used, the only guarantee is that **at least** the amount specified is bought. 0x API will not terminate early in the case where one order fills at a better price, so the user can in effect over buy the specified amount. This is somewhat amplified by usage of `slippagePercentage` which underestimates the on-chain price by a percentage.
```

**TLDR** Whenever possible, use `sellAmount` over `buyAmount` to get more deterministic behavior.

## How does 0x API select the best orders for me?

Beyond simply sampling each liquidity source for their respective prices, 0x API adjusts for the gas consumption of each liquidity source with the specified gas price (if none provided 0x API will use ethGasStation's `fast` amount of gwei) and any associated fees with the specific liquidity source. By sampling through varying compositions of liquidity sources, 0x API selects the best set of orders to give you the best price. 0x API also creates another set of fallback orders to ensure that the quote can be executed by users.

Ex: 0x API will adjust the price potentially received from Curve Finance by gas * gasPrice and its fees. Because of Curve Finance’s costly gas consumption, its nominal price may not be the best price when settled.

## What is the `protocolFee`? 

A protocol fee is paid by takers and ultimately rebated to market makers when their orders are filled. Protocol fees are calculated per order using the gas price multiplied by a constant (currently 150,000). 

> 0xAPI calculates the required protocol fees to be paid and returns this in the `value` field. Since we recommend using a high gas price, in the event where the taker fills at a lower gas price, the excess is returned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0x API calculates the required protocol fees to be paid and returns this in the `value` field. Since we recommend using a high gas price, in the event where the taker fills at a lower gas price, the excess is returned. 
```

* 0x API will estimate the gas cost for `takerAddress` to execute the provided quote.
* If successfully called, the `gas` parameter in the quote will be an accurate amount of gas needed to execute the swap.
* If unsuccessful for revert reasons suggested above, then 0x API will throw a gas cost estimation error, alluding to an issue with the `takerAddress` executing the quote.

**TLDR** Pass `takerAddress` to get the quote validated before provided to you, assuring that a number of revert cases will not occur.

## 0x orders are reverting but my transaction is fine, what is happening?

Developers may note when analyzing their transactions that some subset of 0x orders may revert (not filled) but the whole transaction is successful. This is expected behavior as implied earlier, some orders due to timing, and the pricing may be filled or expired before a users attempt to fill the order. This would result in a revert and 0x protocol will utilize fallback orders to compensate for the reverted order. This will result in a successful transaction even though reverts occur within the transactions.

## How does gas price influence my transaction?

> It is important to set a higher gas price as a default rather than to set it low and rely on the user to increase this in their wallet. The gas price directly influences the 0x Protocol fee paid to market makers. The 0xAPI calculates this protocol fee for you (and returns it in the `value` field) based on the supplied `gasPrice` (defaulted to `fast`). But if a gas price of 1 gwei was supplied and the user changes this to any higher amount, the transaction will fail as the `value` has not been updated to reflect the new gas price for the protocol fee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to set a higher gas price as a default rather than to set it low and rely on the user to increase this in their wallet. The gas price directly influences the 0x Protocol fee paid to market makers. The 0x API calculates this protocol fee for you (and returns it in the `value` field) based on the supplied `gasPrice` (defaulted to `fast`). But if a gas price of 1 gwei was supplied and the user changes this to any higher amount, the transaction will fail as the `value` has not been updated to reflect the new gas price for the protocol fee.
```

It is best to understand your users and what gas price they typically fill at, if the user lowers their gas price the additional funds are returned.

> Finding the best quote is also influenced by how expensive it is to fill a particular source. As an example, Kyber and Curve are relatively expensive steps in a route to fill as they consume a large amount of gas. When this is multiplied by the gas price some routes, although offer a better price on paper, result in a greater cost to the user. 0xAPI routes based on the `gasPrice` parameter provided, or defaults to a `fast` amount of gwei. When changing the gas price parameter from 1 to 8 gwei one can observe the change in routing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finding the best quote is also influenced by how expensive it is to fill a particular source. As an example, Kyber and Curve are relatively expensive steps in a route to fill as they consume a large amount of gas. When this is multiplied by the gas price some routes, although offer a better price on paper, result in a greater cost to the user. 0x API routes based on the `gasPrice` parameter provided, or defaults to a `fast` amount of gwei. When changing the gas price parameter from 1 to 8 gwei one can observe the change in routing.
```
